Name: Rahul Rajasekharan Menon
Headline: Machine Learning Intern at Notion Press | B.Tech CSE Student at Jain (Deemed-to-be University) | Frontend Developer
Location: Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
Number of Connections: 129

About: I am third year student pursuing B. Tech in Computer Science and Engineering at Jain (Deemed to be University) Kanakapura Campus, Bengaluru and looking forward to have new experiences , to meet new people and to learn new things. I want to make the world a much more peaceful, smoother and technologically more advanced through the practical implementation of my learning and using my skills.

* I am having a big dream to learn many coding languages, Artificial Intelligence, Data Science, full stack development etc... and I started to follow my dream by choosing Computer Science in 11th and 12th (CBSE). The language they taught us was Python. I also got an opportunity to learn basics of Structured Query Language (SQL) as it was a part of 12th standard curriculum. Also I learnt Java and C languages as a part of my college curriculum.

*I have also successfully completed a Web Development course in collaboration with IIT Roorkee through which I have good amount of knowledge regarding HTML, CSS and Java Script. I also got an opportunity to do a project regarding Web Development and I have completed it successfully.

* Along with my engineering classes, I am doing a course named 'CEE - IIT Madras - Advanced Certification in Data Science and AI'. It is a seven month course. And I am not going to stop with this course, I will be learning more and more concepts related to Computer Science.
…see more

Skills:
1. Generative AI
2. Web Scraping
3. Beautiful Soup
4. Selenium
5. Git and GitHub
6. Natural Language Processing (NLP)
7. Deep Learning
8. Reinforcement Learning
9. Linear Regression
10. Machine Learning
11. Kaggle
12. Microsoft SQL Server
13. MariaDB
14. MySQLi
15. PHP
16. Embedded JavaScript (EJS)
17. Express.js
18. Node.js
19. JavaScript
20. Cascading Style Sheets (CSS)
21. HTML
22. Jinja
23. Flask
24. Advanced Python
25. Python (Programming Language)
26. C (Programming Language)
27. C++
28. Java
